Fields of study that the proposed project covers include Data Science, Data Analytics, Mixed Reality, Metaverse, Computer Vision, and Machine Learning. Furthermore, the results of this project are intended to be used in fields including Culture Technology, Culture Analytics, and Art History. The topic/research objects of focus are Databases and Recommendation Systems. Results can be expanded upon to be applied in various types of Metaverse/XR applications. The unit of analysis is a collection of data representing various artworks and Machine learning recommender systems.

    Metaverse ecosystems built upon XR devices are beginning to sprout, and demand for innovative content to fuel growth is high [5]. Internet infrastructure that facilitates communication of virtual assets is essential for supporting this growth. Accessible databases for XR client side applications would need to adopt agreed upon universal methods in order to build an inclusive metaverse for any mixed reality devices or users. In the bigger picture, virtual spaces may enable intimate communication across large distances that would enrich human interactive experiences and increase overall empathy.
    The objective is to develop a database to store and organize 3D assets to be easily accessed by AR/VR devices. Additionally, machine learning tools are to be developed to make use of this data, namely a recommender system, written in a python script. The machine learning tools and database are to be hosted on an AWS cloud services. An example use case for the results of this project is extensively tested on.
    Hypothesis: It is possible to develop a robust database of 3D assets that can 1) provide assets for AR/VR applications over the internet and 2) be able to have analytics performed on the data, enabling tools such as recommender AI systems.
